I've been listening to you for a long time.
I'm not as beautiful as you.
But I won't take any customers with my face.
You can look at it.
I'm asking you to take care of it.
I'll take care of it.
I'm a little strange.
I'm still in this castle.
I have to stay here.
I don't ask my parents.
I'm not as beautiful as you.
M Okay.
You are not reasonable.
If you're cheap, you don't know how to live.
As they tear up and enter the hall!
Now it is time to间
Aiieeee collection!
You cuckoo sell ...
It makes no sense!
So, at the service of my dance,
do you not understand some house to deal with 小子くんと
Oh, I pack my joking belly
Hanico longest
更 清暗 灼 Show vidéo
郎 うんeye
Let's make a peace in this place